Great SUV. I have put 13,000 miles on my 2014 MDX with Tech Package and find it a delightful car. It's cornering ability is will surprise most drivers and I have been getting an average of 22.7 MPG. The sound system is excellent and the driver can pick the perceived firmness of the ride. The only things I would like better would be a larger gas tank and a tighter front end -- more European style -- like rack and pinion steering. Otherwise, this is a great automobile and I plan to drive it for a long time. @P 
Good small SUV. I was looking for a efficient small SUV and i like this car. I always liked the exterior look of the Tucson and its performance and comfort didn't disappoint me at all. I would recommend this car. @P 
Excellent car. The car is great. Comfort is slightly lacking on long trips, video entertainment is good for long trips as well. The sound system is better than what you would get from most other dealers. This car also has lots of pulling power and great mileage on the highway. The dual temperatures are great for passengers in the back. @P 
Great SUV! I purchased a 2004 Honda Pilot used to replace my old car, and I absolutely love it. The quality and performance of this car is outstanding! @P 
Unreliable and disappointing!!! Bought the 2013 XC90 in May of 2012 and I probably got the lemon in the lot. My experience with this vehicle was extremely frustrating and disappointing. From the time I drove it off the lot I had brake issues with vibration, squealing, rubbing noises which dealer said was normal and refused to fix. At 13000 miles the starter and AC compressor died leaving me and my wife stranded in the middle of the highway, vehicle had to be towed to dealership. Afterwards it seems like it was just one issue after another. The leather seats snag and scratch easily from normal sitting. Backup alarm does not work at times, the BLIS is a waste because it will only work on the drivers side. I finally had enough of this vehicle and dealing with the dealership. I decided to trade it in for an Infiniti JX35 and am happy to be rid of that lemon. @N 
I would not buy a Ford Expedition. I have now purchased two Ford Expeditions. I was happy with the first and so I bought a second. The new Expedition has developed paint bubbles along the trunk and hood. Ford refuses to fix it because "the car hasn't rusted through". What? Paint bubbles on a two year old fifty thousand dollar truck not covered? Please google "Expedition paint bubbling" before you waste your money on this truck. The brakes are also very poor in that they don't stop the vehicle well. Not sure what I will get next but it will not be a Ford... @N