I loved my Acadia but after a couple of years and many miles mostly highway I need to get out of this money pit. I have had heating issues in the winter and a vent unit needed replaced. The electronics quit working properly and wiring was redone. The front headlight went out and cost $200,00+ dollars to replace because they need to take the frontend off to get to the headlights. The radio would stay on after you turned everything off and once again the electronics needed fixed. Now the AC isn't working properly and they think it's in the dashboard so estimate is very costly. They also found that the struts are already leaking and need replaced. I love the third row seating for my kids but yet the size of the vehicle isn't a huge looking SUV. With that said it isn't worth the repairs to this Make and Model. @N 
its the most comfortable ride,a good driving performance,have a nice and quite ride mostly when you are driving far. @P 
This is my second Acadia. I traded in my 2009 model for the 2014 and I love the improvements. While I loved my first Acadia it was time for an upgrade. The 2014 Acadia has a much smoother ride than my older version. I also love the new front grill on the 2014. I have 3 kids (all in car seats or boosters still) and this car works perfectly for us. My older 2 in boosters in the 3rd row and the baby in the carseat in the 2nd row. This leaves 1 empty captain seat in the 2nd row for an extra adult and there is still room for a small adult in the 3rd row between the 2 booster seats. Storage space behind the 3rd row is large enough for my huge stroller. If I need extra room I simply move one of the older kids to the 2nd row and fold down the 60 or 40 percent of the 3rd row seat. Folding down the 2nd and 3rd rows provide a large flat area to haul things. I have never been interested in a minivan and many of the other SUVS are too large for me. I test drove many of them (Tahoe, Expedition, etc). While I loved them I realized the gas mileage was terrible, I had a difficult time parking them and in the end they really didn't have anymore space behind the 3rd row than the Acadia. I plan to drive this SUV for around 3 years before I upgrade again (don't like to be out of warranty). I would gladly buy a new Acadia at that point. @P 
Wow of all Wow's! Powerful engine, all the electronic features are champ in the league! I bought it and drove it and it runs smoothly that I wasn't aware that I was speeding. The cruise control helps me from getting a ticket! It sped up on hilly interstate where I live! my friends rode with me, commended how wonderful the ride was. I wake up in the morning looking forward driving my Explorer "Whitey". Great car! I recommend it to everyone!@P 
I have rented two Ford Explorers in the past two years to drive them across country to relocate my daughter; the year was 2011 and we were able to rent a 2012. Then on our second trip we were in a 2014. I was sold on the Explorer after such a comfy ride, great gas mileage on the road. Love it!! @P 
I have friends that own a Ford Explorer and praised all its wonderful features. I bought my model because of 7 passenger capacity so I can take my grandchildren. I also wanted Front wheel drive and back up camera. I wanted blue or red color and the light colored interior. I have really enjoyed the cell phone hands free option and the touch screen for climate control. I am very happy with my new Explorer! @P 
I own a Honda CRV-LX and would not buy this vehicle if I had a do over. Would absolutely not recommend to a friend. Seats are extremely uncomfortable. Carpeting is like felt, not carpet at all, spent additional $400 for custom mats to protect "felt"- in case I ever wanted to trade or sell. Gas mileage is good, 22 MPG in city, 35 Hwg - depends on how you drive. At 20K miles rotors were warped. This is my 2nd Honda, not happy at all, really a terrible experience, think I'll go back to Toyota. @N 
My first SUV after owning Acuras. I live in Boston so the AWD is a game-changer. The car drives really easily. Very fluid and nimble. Can turn on a dime. Very peppy engine. The AC could be a little more powerful - especially on very hot summer days, it struggles to keep up. Incredible visibility - you really feel in control of the vehicle. Interior layout is terrific. Everything is simple and in the right place (intuitive). The interior finishes could be a higher quality. Too bad there isn't a slightly bigger engine and advanced AWD logic but I never got stuck in the snow (had to rock a few times when we had 3 feet of snow on the ground but I always got free). Love this car! @P 
My 2014 Escape SE 2.0 is a nice little vehicle. I am a small woman, so the seats, foot wells, and dash design fit me very well. I still struggle with a couple of blind spots in the front cabin, but that just makes me a bit more cautious. Love the rear camera with parking assist. I wish there was an interior hatch release, but with all that it does have (SYNC, nav system, nice audio system, 2 USB ports plus an outlet, comfortable seats both front and rear), it's great. I'm looking forward to towing my pop-up trailer with the factory installed Escape tow package, although I do wish a 7 pin harness was provided instead of the 4 pin. I haven't owned a Ford for decades, and I'm very happy with this one. @P 
Biggest mistake of my life buying this car. Owned a 2001 which ROCKED. Still own a 2009 which is a good little vehicle. This one is terrible. Lucky if I get 17 miles to the gallon. Live in a hilly area and the engine sounds like an elastic band is going to break going up a hill. Most I ever got was 211 miles on a tank of gas. Sad. The 6 cylinders I owned got better then that. @N 
We bought our Terrain about almost two months ago, and absolutely love it. The comfort, reliability, and overall design of the car is perfect. I have a 25 minute commute to work on the highway, and it's nice to know this car gets pretty good gas mileage with the ECO option given its size. Also, I feel safe knowing it has AWD capabilities if the roads start to get bad during the winter. The rearview camera is a bonus, and the double side view mirrors are a huge benefit when trying to change lanes. This vehicle has been great to us so far! I'd recommend it to anyone looking for an SUV with style and economy! @P 
worst vehicle puchase. I purchased this vehicle in January and have already had it in the shop twice. First the car wouldn't start and more recently the whole navigation panel, AC, heat, radio etc. quit. I purchased a 2011 Terrain and loved it, I purchased this 2014 as an upgrade and it has been nothing but a terrible disappointment. @N 
Amazing car. was really reluctant to get rid of my old car because it was my first car and I loved it so much and it was only a 9 year old Honda. However, I needed a car that would do better in the snow and would be safer. I can happily say I am in love with this car. I am so glad I purchased this car. @P 
Bad bad MPG. Bought the CX5 Grand Touring mainly for it's gas mileage, the salesmen all bragged about how great it was and that I'd get better than rating of 25 city, 32 highway and 27 combined as per EPA. None of that was true. I'm lucky to get 22.5 combined. Best pure highway was 29, worst pure highway was 22. Best city was within first 4 months and that was 26 with some highway. worst city was 15.6. I don't gun it, I drive very conservatively and very seldom in rush hour traffic. These mpgs are all from cars calculation. Also the paint job is terrible, barely touch it and it chips off. The back of the driver's seat squeaks, the navigation is totally ridiculous - doesn't even begin to work. The sound system is putz. The middle AC vents hit me right on the right are (driver). Would have been better if they put the vents above the navigation screen. All in all, I don't recommend this vehicle.Don't know if I got a bad one or if these problems are fixable. Intend to take it in for the 10K oil change soon and hopefully they can/will fix these issues. @N 
Transmission problems. I have a 2014 CX5 bought brand new in May of 2013. By Jan 2014 I had 12,001 miles. That is when the transmission went. I could no longer drive it and had to have it towed to the dealer. It needed to have the entire transmission valve body replaced which took 10 days. On February 6, 2015 at 27,000 miles the transmission went a 2nd time. Again requiring a tow to the dealership. Not good. It is crazy to think that my vehicle is so unreliable that I could never take it on a long trip. Please look up all the the transmission problems that the CX5, and CX7 has. You will see that this is an ongoing issue with Mazda. I regret not getting the Subaru. @N 