Love it. Bought it in April 2014 and don't regret a cent I spent on it. Great car! It doesn't perform as well as Xterra on off-roads or on icy snow but I don't off-roads anymore and spent most winter on snow treated road. Everything else is just great and fun: the driving, the traction, acceleration, bluetooth connectivity, rear view camera, 8 people seating, you name it. Most importantly, for almost 2 years now, with Toyota care maintenance I didn't have to spent a cent on repairs (none needed) or oil changes. I do change oil after 5K on my own between the maintenance intervals of 10K but I am not required to. There were only couple very minor issues so far. On one especially cold morning the key would not turn so I had to warm up the metal portion of the key with a burning match and it worked! And another one, when the gear is in reverse sometimes the rearview camera would not start but it gets back on once you stop and switch the gear back and forth. @P 
Not a good suv. I replaced all four tires after only 20k miles. All tires are not worn evenly. Every things else are ok. But It runs not smooth like ford explorer . My sister and friend have the same issue with Tacoma and Lexus RX. Never buy another Toyota @N 
Wish I had not bought it... I waited 7 years for a new vehicle and had my heart set on the Rav-4 or the Honda CRV. We went with the 2013 Rav-4, I loved the look of it. Had I known then what I know now, I would have never bought it. At the test drive, I noticed all of the hard plastic inside, but did not realize how cheap it made the interior. Within 4 weeks we had an issue with the driver's door. We were told the "welds" had all come loose and a new door was ordered from Canada. Then parts of the roof rack came off, we went back to the dealer and had that replaced. A month or so later, the same parts came off the roof rack again! We never used the roof rack. My vehicle was white, my 4th white vehicle, under every door handle, under the gas tank door and under the two mirrors, each time it rained, black drip marks went down the entire vehicle at each of these places. Needless to say, at 4200 miles, I was done. I traded the vehicle in. We have a 2000 Toyota Sienna and the quality of that vehicle is so much better than the 2013 Rav-4. The vehicle I had seemed to be cheaply made, and it was not a cheap vehicle. This was our 4th Toyota, it will probably be our last. @N 
Love this Vehicle! I just purchased my new (used) Rav 4 and I love it! It corners like it's glued to the road. The drive is so comfortable and even my 6' 2" husband can sit very comfortably in the back seat! It's a dream. @P 
Not so great. I did a lot of research before buying my 2014 Equinox 6 Cyl. LT2. The size was just right for me and it was comfortable and acceleration was good on the highway. Unfortunately, that didn't help me. In the year I owned it, I had constant trouble with the Bluetooth audio, my iPhone wouldn't stay connected and there was a jerking at low speeds. The electronics were what they were and eventually, after almost a year, improved. Regarding the jerking issue, I had two dealers look at the car, the transmission module was reprogrammed and still the problem persisted, which I was told was normal. Eventually, after owning it just over a year, it died in the left lane on a highway. I no longer have this car and will never buy a Chevy again. @N 
Great car for traveling. About 10k miles, mostly highway. I'm a big guy and I'm very comfortable in this car. Bought a plain Jane 4 cyl, and, gets 25 to 30 mpg. (Awd) the 4 banger is a bit wheezy. If I were dealing with freeways in a big city or the rocky Mts I would get the 6, but for us the 4 is fine. Basic model has all the features most people would ever need. Price was great for this class. So far not one problem. Car was made in spring hill ten plant. They seem to have less problems than cars from Canada. @P 
Good Vehicle. I own a 2015 Forester XT and I have driven this thing alot. Mostly interstate but I just hit 105K. So far, No issues just normal maintenance. I will buy another one in 2017. @P 
Subaru Boo Hoo. I purchased this vehicle for my Mother because that was what she wanted. It got great reviews and Consumer Reports drooled all over it. I drove one, and for a little 4 cylinder with great mileage, it was very peppy. The CVT I, I think, gives it the mileage and acceleration it has relative to its size. It has substantial road noise on the highway(why don't companies put noise-dampening material in the wheel wells?). Overall, I quite liked it. Now the bad.; after purchasing, I find out there is a law suit against Subaru complaining of excessive oil-burning in the engine. Oil is getting past the rings and can cause damage to the o2 sensors and catalytic converter.Because of this I cannot recommend this vehicle. @N 
I have been with acura/honda family for the longest and this will be my last car with them......i bought this brand new 2014 mdx awd tech pckg.....this car giving me nothing but problems from day one and I can't wait till get out of my lease which is about to end soon....terribly built this car by Honda they call this car is luxury....it's a complete joke.....ever since bought this car I been running to the service department more often then anything.....but problems never been resolved.....called the acura corporate explain them and even the dealership bought the car from but no one helped or cared about the problems I been having with the car.....so if you're in the market looking for car please do think about the headaches you'll buy with the car.....I'm mentally and physically worn out with this car problems....from the engine/transmission etc and more problems @N 
Great SUV. I have put 13,000 miles on my 2014 MDX with Tech Package and find it a delightful car. It's cornering ability is will surprise most drivers and I have been getting an average of 22.7 MPG. The sound system is excellent and the driver can pick the perceived firmness of the ride. The only things I would like better would be a larger gas tank and a tighter front end -- more European style -- like rack and pinion steering. Otherwise, this is a great automobile and I plan to drive it for a long time. @P 
Good small SUV. I was looking for a efficient small SUV and i like this car. I always liked the exterior look of the Tucson and its performance and comfort didn't disappoint me at all. I would recommend this car. @P 
Excellent car. The car is great. Comfort is slightly lacking on long trips, video entertainment is good for long trips as well. The sound system is better than what you would get from most other dealers. This car also has lots of pulling power and great mileage on the highway. The dual temperatures are great for passengers in the back. @P 
Great SUV! I purchased a 2004 Honda Pilot used to replace my old car, and I absolutely love it. The quality and performance of this car is outstanding! @P 
Unreliable and disappointing!!! Bought the 2013 XC90 in May of 2012 and I probably got the lemon in the lot. My experience with this vehicle was extremely frustrating and disappointing. From the time I drove it off the lot I had brake issues with vibration, squealing, rubbing noises which dealer said was normal and refused to fix. At 13000 miles the starter and AC compressor died leaving me and my wife stranded in the middle of the highway, vehicle had to be towed to dealership. Afterwards it seems like it was just one issue after another. The leather seats snag and scratch easily from normal sitting. Backup alarm does not work at times, the BLIS is a waste because it will only work on the drivers side. I finally had enough of this vehicle and dealing with the dealership. I decided to trade it in for an Infiniti JX35 and am happy to be rid of that lemon. @N 
I would not buy a Ford Expedition. I have now purchased two Ford Expeditions. I was happy with the first and so I bought a second. The new Expedition has developed paint bubbles along the trunk and hood. Ford refuses to fix it because "the car hasn't rusted through". What? Paint bubbles on a two year old fifty thousand dollar truck not covered? Please google "Expedition paint bubbling" before you waste your money on this truck. The brakes are also very poor in that they don't stop the vehicle well. Not sure what I will get next but it will not be a Ford... @N